PERSPECTIVE INSIDE A ROOM

Create objects in the world
  Stationary...
    Door with knob
    Shelf
    Chair
    Rug 
  In motion...
    Ceiling fan (constant rotation)

Create moving character
  Build...
    -red stick figure (with some depth) made from triangles
    -whenever movement key is pressed, character will
    resume walking animation to next state (regardless of walking
    direction; easy on me, should be funny...)
  
  Movement...
    -press W to move "forwards"
    -press S to move "backwards"
    -press A to move "left"
    -press D to move "right"

2 Views
  -World view
  -Perspective view (1st person of character)

Toggle Button for Perspective viewing mode... (SPACE?)
  -Once pressed, the mouse will enable the user to see from
  the eyes of the character
  -Moving mouse left and right will change what is being seen

Set limit for movement
  -cannot move past certain coordinates in box
    --> perhaps make objects very far away, but movement
    space very constrained so that I don't have to deal with
    close/far object cases

Enable limit for perspective viewing
  -only draw things that are close to me


ROUGH ROADMAP

1) Map out world on pen/paper with all objects, all coordinates 
  a) stationary
  b) moving objects

  NOTE: from here, a user stack of transformations would be benefitial...

  c) make world view on canvas with this stuff (orthogonal)
    -- this should be fixed in place

2) Get set on making character (no movement)
  NOTE: use a small amount of triangle
  a) get all triangles and coordinates 
  b) create some easy interface to dynamically transform triangle pts and draw
  c) Note: put a camera inside the character's head (for POV view later...)

3) Make character with some in-place movement (on button press or something)
  a) map out simple movement scheme on paper
  b) create simple movement scheme with arms and legs
  
4) Create ASDW movement 
  ... self explanatory 

5) Implement Perspective window
  -- This should rotate the camera placed in character's head
  -- This should ALSO alter what appears in the perspective window
  a) Objects that are close should not be drawn, objects that are far
    should also not be drawn
